feature: add trusted proxy support (#2204)
SignalK/signalk-server: docs/security.md

- **Content-Security-Policy**: Would prevent webapps (Freeboard, Instrumentpanel) from loading external resources like map tiles and CDN scripts
- **Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy**: Would prevent chart plotters from embedding SignalK data
- **Cross-Origin-Resource-Policy**: Would prevent legitimate cross-origin API access from instruments and apps

## IP Address Restrictions

> Signal K Server supports restricting access to specific endpoints based on the client's IP address. This provides an additional layer of security by limiting which network addresses can access sensitive endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signal K Server supports restricting access to sensitive endpoints based on the client's IP address. This provides an additional layer of security by limiting which network addresses can access them. This includes the TCP services, that have no authentication & access control mechanism.
```

- **TCP Services**:
  - NMEA 0183 TCP (port 10110)
  - Signal K TCP (port 8375)

### Configuration

IP restrictions are configured in **Security → Settings** in the Admin UI using the "Allowed Source IPs" field.

The default configuration allows only private/local network addresses:

```
127.0.0.0/8      # IPv4 loopback
10.0.0.0/8       # RFC1918 Class A private
172.16.0.0/12    # RFC1918 Class B private
192.168.0.0/16   # RFC1918 Class C private
169.254.0.0/16   # Link-local
::1/128          # IPv6 loopback
fc00::/7         # IPv6 unique local (ULA)
fe80::/10        # IPv6 link-local
```

To allow all IP addresses (not recommended for internet-exposed servers):

```
0.0.0.0/0
::/0
```

### Configuration in security.json

IP restrictions can also be configured directly in `security.json`:

```json
{
  "strategy": "./tokensecurity",
  "allowedSourceIPs": ["127.0.0.0/8", "192.168.0.0/16", "10.0.0.0/8"]
}
```

## Reverse Proxy Configuration (Trust Proxy)

When running Signal K Server behind a reverse proxy (e.g., nginx, Apache, Traefik), the server needs to be configured to trust the `X-Forwarded-For` header to correctly identify client IP addresses.

### Configuration

> Add the `trustProxy` setting to your `settings.json`:

Author: There is no UI setting atm.  What would you prefer? Given this is a security-focused PR, option 3 might make sense to keep the PR focused, but option 1 would fully address your concern.

1. Add full UI support now? 
This involves:
- Adding trustProxy to the GET settings endpoint
- Adding trustProxy handling to the PUT settings endpoint
- Adding a UI field (likely a text input that accepts true, false, IP addresses, etc.)
- This is more work but addresses the concern completely

2. Update docs to acknowledge the limitation - Update the documentation to note that this is currently a settings.json-only configuration, with a follow-up issue for UI support

3. Create a separate PR for UI support - Keep the current security fix as-is, and create a follow-up issue/PR specifically for adding UI support

> Add the `trustProxy` setting to your `settings.json`:

Author: That flys probably for 99% of the use cases. I will add it as simple boolean.
